NXDOC-1954: Nuxeo Retention Management Documentation (#1220)
nuxeo/doc.nuxeo.com-content: src/retention-management/index.md

  - A legal hold has priority over a retention rule. For instance, if a retention expires during a legal hold, the record keeps immutable until the legal hold is removed  

### {{> anchor 'audit-trail'}}Audit Trail

An audit trail (or audit log) provides a full history of a document from his creation until his disposal.

Regarding the Nuxeo Retention Management addon, the goal is to provide an audit system for both the original record and associated metadata file to account for the:

  - Initial capture and storage of the record object and metadata.

  - Changes to the index and metadata. (Note that the record object must be immutable. Certain metadata, such as unique object identifier and creation/storage date and time must also be immutable.)

  - Changes to the retention and legal hold attributes:

      - Changes to the retention rule, itself.
      - Application of a retention rule to a given document.
      - Application of a legal hold to a given document.</br>
</br>
  - Deletion of record object, metadata and audit trail data.

### Secured storage

> As part of the SEC 17a-4 requirement, the Nuxeo Retention Management addon supports the usage of a secure storage media, Amazon S3 in compliance mode in this case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SEC 17a-4 US regulatory involves the usage of a secured storage media as part of the requirements to be compliant.
In order to fit with this requirement, the Nuxeo Retention Management addon is using Amazon S3 in "Compliance mode", which is compliant and certified to the SEC 17a-4.
```

This mode of Amazon S3 (cf. Amazon S3 Object Lock) guarantees that no one can delete an object which is under retention or legal hold. To do so, Nuxeo provides to Amazon S3 the retention period and/or legal hold to Amanzon S3, which then ensure any change or deletion of the content.

## Limitations

The Nuxeo Retention Management addon doesn't support the following features:

  - The versioning
  - The attachments

> The attachments features is automatically disabled when the Nuxeo Retention Management addon is added to Nuxeo Server.

Reviewer: Yes, attachments feature is disabled for all documents in the instance.
This is a limitation that we have for this 1st version of Retention Management addon.

> The attachments features is automatically disabled when the Nuxeo Retention Management addon is added to Nuxeo Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The attachments features is automatically disabled for the full instance when the Nuxeo Retention Management addon is added to Nuxeo Server. So, when the addon is installed, there is no way to add an attachment to a document, whatever if they are standard documents or records.
```

> The versioning must be turn off during the [setup]({{page page='nuxeo-retention-installation'}}).

Reviewer: Yes, Versioning feature is disabled for all documents in the instance.
This is a limitation that we have for this 1st version of Retention Management addon.

> The versioning must be turn off during the [setup]({{page page='nuxeo-retention-installation'}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The versioning feature must be turn off during the [setup]({{page page='nuxeo-retention-installation'}}). That means that there is no way to add a version to a document in the full instance, whatever if they are standard documents or records.
```

## Warning

### Caution on the irreversibility of some actions

Due to the SEC 17a-4 regulation requirements regarding the records preservation, most of the actions related to the retention are **not reversible**:

  - There is no way to rollback the application of a retention rule to a document, even for an administrator.

  - There is no way to shorten a retention duration, even for an administrator.

  - There is no way to delete a document under retention or legal hold, even for an administrator and even at S3 level (direct access to the storage).

  - There is no way to replace a document under retention or legal hold, even for an administrator and even at S3 level (direct access to the storage).
</br>

### Compliance to SEC 17a-4

Nuxeo can't guarantee the compliance to SEC 17a-4 in case of:

  - The [installation / Configuration]({{page page='nuxeo-retention-installation'}}) recommendations are not applied

>   - Some specific developments are added to the UI or Retention features

Reviewer: I'll add some precisions on that.

>   - Some specific developments are added to the UI or Retention features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - All specific developments added by a partner or a customer that would conflict with the regulatory requirements and Nuxeo Retention Management addon behavior (for example: reintroduce disabled features as attachments).
```
